docs: add docs on enterprise catalog (#4184)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/install/configuration/enterprise-catalog/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Configure enterprise catalog
title: Configure enterprise catalog
menuWeight: 30

> excerpt: Configure enterprise catalog for Kommander

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Configure an Enterprise catalog for Kommander
```

beta: false
enterprise: true
---

Kommander supports configuring default catalog(s) for clusters with enterprise license.

> ## Configure a default enterprise catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure a default Enterprise catalog
```

> To configure Kommander to use a default catalog repository, create the following yaml file:

Author: nope.

```yaml
apiVersion: config.kommander.mesosphere.io/v1alpha1
kind: Installation
catalog:
  repositories:
    - name: dkp-catalog-applications
      labels:
        kommander.d2iq.io/project-default-catalog-repository: "true"
        kommander.d2iq.io/workspace-default-catalog-repository: "true"
        kommander.d2iq.io/gitapps-gitrepository-type: "dkp"
      gitRepositorySpec:
        url: https://github.com/mesosphere/dkp-catalog-applications
        ref:
          tag: v2.2.0
```

> This configuration can be used when installing or reconfiguring Kommander by passing it to the `kommander install` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this configuration when installing or reconfiguring Kommander by passing it to the `kommander install` command:
```

```bash
kommander install --installer-config <config_file.yaml>
```

> This is the meaning of each label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review the meaning of each label in the following table:
```

| Label  |  Description |
|---|---|
| `kommander.d2iq.io/project-default-catalog-repository`  | Indicates this acts as a Catalog Repository in all projects  |
| `kommander.d2iq.io/workspace-default-catalog-repository`  | Indicates this acts as a Catalog Repository in all workspaces  |

> | `kommander.d2iq.io/gitapps-gitrepository-type`  |  Indicates this Catalog Repository (and thus, all its Applications) are certified to be working on DKP platform |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kommander.d2iq.io/gitapps-gitrepository-type`  |  Indicates this Catalog Repository (and all its Applications) are certified to run on DKP |
```

> When running in air-gapped environments, update the configuration by replacing `gitRepositorySpec` with the `path` field pointing to a local path of the catalog git repository folder, for example:

Author: done

> When running in airgapped environments, update the above configuration by replacing `gitRepositorySpec` with `path` field pointing to a local path of the catalog git repository folder. For e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running in air-gapped environments, update the configuration by replacing `gitRepositorySpec` with the `path` field pointing to a local path of the catalog git repository folder. E.g.:
```

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mesosphere/dkp-catalog-applications
```

> and then 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then:
```
